Codepen link:
https://codepen.io/ShanaeL92/pen/gOWrPvx



Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Elements that give meaning to the document.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        This is the blueprint for the web browser.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        Attributes are placed inside the opening tag and they give additional details about an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for the title or main heading of the page. It can only be used 1 time.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. 
        The anchor tag and the image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        meta charset data and the document title and the links to the css stylesheet
    7. What is an id? 
        A unique identifier that can only be used once per page and is usually styled in JavaScript
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Multiple elements can have an id but each id name can only be used 1 time.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        An id can only be used 1 time because it is unique.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute that specifies class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Multiple elements can have a class
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        A class can be used multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        You will need to add the target="_blank" in the opening tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It is used to give a text description of what is in the image so that people who use screen 
        readers can have an idea of what is in it. It is also used to do the same when an image is 
        broken and does not load on a page.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        You use a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        A section is semantic and helps increase SEO with web crawlers and a div is non-semantic and 
        used for styling in CSS
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to give style to the HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        We type the element name and use an opening an closing curly bracket so h2{} we also 
        give property: value; the semicolon is necessary!
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An id is a unique identifier and can only be used once per id name. A class can be used multiple times. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        We use a period followed by the name of the class and then the {} with the properties and values inside.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{property: value;}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Parent is greater than the child. The child will inherit everything from the parent unless otherwise specified.
        The parent does not inherit style from the child. It is useful when you want to select only the child 
        located under that specific parent
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a{property: value;}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A psuedo selector is a selector that selects elements in a specified state.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
        We use the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        We use letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        We use the text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{border: 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        You use a universal selector *{property: value;}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        You type /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm and because if you rm it is gone forever
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        So that you can modify and keep a history of previous versions. You can also collaborate with other developers.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Very often like every 20 minutes to an hour
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push - u origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Create my own version of the repo using FORK
        Make sure my name is in front of the repo name before the slash/
        Clone my repo using the clone button and copying the URL
        Inside the Git terminal use the cd command and the directory name that will contain the clone
        Use the git clone url link to the repo
        cd into the new repo using cd <repo-name> command
        git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname
        Work on the content in vscode code .
        git add . will add the repo changes 
        git commit -m "add message here" this will commit the changes
        push my changes back up to my Github repo using git push -u origin branch-name
        Submit a PR (pull request) in github
        Go back to forked project repo on github and make sure I am
        in my forked copy and not on Lambda's
        Click on the Branch:master button
        Select my name-branch
        Click my name-branch and then click the New pull request button
        After you click new pull request it should redirect to the pull request page
        Open a pull request follow the steps and create pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
